---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "unleash_feature_environment Data Source - terraform-provider-unleash"
subcategory: ""
description: |-
  FeatureEnvironment DataSource
---

# unleash_feature_environment (Data Source)

FeatureEnvironment DataSource

## Example Usage

```terraform
data "unleash_feature_environment" "my_featureenvironment" {
  environment  = "development"
  feature_name = "disable-comments"
  project_id   = "...my_project_id..."
}
```

<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `project_id` (String)

### Optional

- `environment` (String) The name of the environment
- `feature_name` (String) The name of the feature

### Read-Only

- `enabled` (Boolean) `true` if the feature is enabled for the environment, otherwise `false`.
- `name` (String) The name of the environment
- `sort_order` (Number) The sort order of the feature environment in the feature environments list
- `strategies` (Attributes List) A list of activation strategies for the feature environment (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--strategies))
- `type` (String) The type of the environment
- `variant_count` (Number) The number of defined variants
- `variants` (Attributes List) A list of variants for the feature environment (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--variants))

<a id="nestedatt--strategies"></a>
### Nested Schema for `strategies`

Read-Only:

- `constraints` (Attributes List) A list of the constraints attached to the strategy. See https://docs.getunleash.io/reference/strategy-constraints (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--strategies--constraints))
- `disabled` (Boolean) A toggle to disable the strategy. defaults to false. Disabled strategies are not evaluated or returned to the SDKs
- `feature_name` (String) The name or feature the strategy is attached to
- `id` (String) A uuid for the feature strategy
- `name` (String) The name or type of strategy
- `parameters` (Map of String) A list of parameters for a strategy
- `segments` (List of Number) A list of segment ids attached to the strategy
- `sort_order` (Number) The order of the strategy in the list
- `title` (String) A descriptive title for the strategy
- `variants` (Attributes List) Strategy level variants (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--strategies--variants))

<a id="nestedatt--strategies--constraints"></a>
### Nested Schema for `strategies.constraints`

Read-Only:

- `case_insensitive` (Boolean) Whether the operator should be case sensitive or not. Defaults to `false` (being case sensitive).
- `context_name` (String) The name of the context field that this constraint should apply to.
- `inverted` (Boolean) Whether the result should be negated or not. If `true`, will turn a `true` result into a `false` result and vice versa.
- `operator` (String) must be one of ["NOT_IN", "IN", "STR_ENDS_WITH", "STR_STARTS_WITH", "STR_CONTAINS", "NUM_EQ", "NUM_GT", "NUM_GTE", "NUM_LT", "NUM_LTE", "DATE_AFTER", "DATE_BEFORE", "SEMVER_EQ", "SEMVER_GT", "SEMVER_LT"]
The operator to use when evaluating this constraint. For more information about the various operators, refer to [the strategy constraint operator documentation](https://docs.getunleash.io/reference/strategy-constraints#strategy-constraint-operators).
- `value` (String) The context value that should be used for constraint evaluation. Use this property instead of `values` for properties that only accept single values.
- `values` (List of String) The context values that should be used for constraint evaluation. Use this property instead of `value` for properties that accept multiple values.


<a id="nestedatt--strategies--variants"></a>
### Nested Schema for `strategies.variants`

Read-Only:

- `name` (String) The variant name. Must be unique for this feature toggle
- `payload` (Attributes) Extra data configured for this variant (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--strategies--variants--payload))
- `stickiness` (String) The [stickiness](https://docs.getunleash.io/reference/feature-toggle-variants#variant-stickiness) to use for distribution of this variant. Stickiness is how Unleash guarantees that the same user gets the same variant every time
- `weight` (Number) The weight is the likelihood of any one user getting this variant. It is an integer between 0 and 1000. See the section on [variant weights](https://docs.getunleash.io/reference/feature-toggle-variants#variant-weight) for more information
- `weight_type` (String) must be one of ["variable", "fix"]
Set to `fix` if this variant must have exactly the weight allocated to it. If the type is `variable`, the weight will adjust so that the total weight of all variants adds up to 1000. Refer to the [variant weight documentation](https://docs.getunleash.io/reference/feature-toggle-variants#variant-weight).

<a id="nestedatt--strategies--variants--payload"></a>
### Nested Schema for `strategies.variants.payload`

Read-Only:

- `type` (String) must be one of ["json", "csv", "string"]
The type of the value. Commonly used types are string, json and csv.
- `value` (String) The actual value of payload




<a id="nestedatt--variants"></a>
### Nested Schema for `variants`

Read-Only:

- `name` (String) The variants name. Is unique for this feature toggle
- `overrides` (Attributes List) Overrides assigning specific variants to specific users. The weighting system automatically assigns users to specific groups for you, but any overrides in this list will take precedence. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--variants--overrides))
- `payload` (Attributes) Extra data configured for this variant (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--variants--payload))
- `stickiness` (String) [Stickiness](https://docs.getunleash.io/reference/feature-toggle-variants#variant-stickiness) is how Unleash guarantees that the same user gets the same variant every time
- `weight` (Number) The weight is the likelihood of any one user getting this variant. It is a number between 0 and 1000. See the section on [variant weights](https://docs.getunleash.io/reference/feature-toggle-variants#variant-weight) for more information
- `weight_type` (String) must be one of ["variable", "fix"]
Set to fix if this variant must have exactly the weight allocated to it. If the type is variable, the weight will adjust so that the total weight of all variants adds up to 1000

<a id="nestedatt--variants--overrides"></a>
### Nested Schema for `variants.overrides`

Read-Only:

- `context_name` (String) The name of the context field used to determine overrides
- `values` (List of String) Which values that should be overriden


<a id="nestedatt--variants--payload"></a>
### Nested Schema for `variants.payload`

Read-Only:

- `type` (String) must be one of ["json", "csv", "string"]
The type of the value. Commonly used types are string, json and csv.
- `value` (String) The actual value of payload


